feat!: Implement server role listener (#957)
stackabletech/zookeeper-operator: docs/modules/zookeeper/pages/usage_guide/listenerclass.adoc

= Service exposition with ListenerClasses
:description: Configure the ZooKeeper service exposure with listener classes: cluster-internal, external-unstable or external-stable

Apache ZooKeeper offers an API. The Operator deploys a service called `<name>` (where `<name>` is the name of the ZookeeperCluster) through which ZooKeeper can be reached.

The operator deploys a xref:listener-operator:listener.adoc[Listener] for the Server pods.

> The listener defaults to only being accessible from within the Kubernetes cluster, but this can be changed by setting `.spec.nodes.config.listenerClass`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The listener defaults to only being accessible from within the Kubernetes cluster, but this can be changed by setting `.spec.servers.roleConfig.listenerClass`:
```
